what's up is anointed as Prince and
beatboxing units an official annoyed
said s channel B cappella the mixtape
album is out as a fish was on the loose
and I got a special guest on there TJ
Miller right here live in the flesh if
you don't believe it I got a copy right
here yeah town right now I'm HUD from
Clerval TJ Miller underrated alright and
now here with anointed at the starbucks
of melrose that's how we keep it
gangster yeah man lattes and fraps get
real I wanted to go to the bar but they
wanted to keep it cool you know a little
bit of coffee this off keep stimulated
can't man that's about it yo let me kick
a little sound like this now you owe
something yeah boom boom started under
dun dun hey boom boom da da da da dun
dun hey what he could fell on the
mixtape out stay tuned my judge extract
coming out fall 2009